I liked both: "type along" and "break out rooms" with a teacher jumping in to check if all is going well
It was great, level and pace were perfect in my opinion!
I finally understood regular expressions. Training organization was good. For the amount of material, the course is too short but the organizers managed to still deliver information efficiently. Course material was well prepared and hands on exercises (with the provided option of taking them in groups or individually) were extremely helpful.
I understand its hard to select what materials to have in a course, especially when you are only running it for the second time and of course all knowledge is good knowledge. But it might be good to have another look at what takes the most time and if it has to take so much time. I appreciated Richels exercises a lot as the latter/more advanced ones were clearly labelled optional, and there were good instructions for what to do when finished or uninterested. I appreciated the type-alongs and they worked especially well on the first day. The second day had a bit too much information and different options in text, and i found myself a bit confused about what the actual difference was and what things i could type along with and what i didnt have the tools for executing
Exercises and materials are very good overall, they're very useful for future reference as well. I think the instruction was sometimes unclear or too fast. I think what cause my confusion was starting by explaining a command quite abstractly and very technically. Its much easier to grasp its use case and what it does with the examples, so before that any explanation is hard to grasp.
A great course of a very good size (contentwise) and teaching tempo. All things I have encontered and was not confident with have been covered incl. grep, Bash, awk! The only desire is to keep the terminal window wide or something when sharing so that command lines are not wrapped to several lines which often makes it difficult to read. Otherwise, thank you for the great course!
This course didn’t do it for me. Most things were too easy, I misinterpreted the level when signing up. The exercises were fine I guess, but I didn’t like the Bash scripting e-book, it doesn’t explain anything. The official documentation is much better (https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/index.html#SEC_Contents). For example, the page in the book about conditionals has this example `if [[ "${username}" == "${admin}" ]] ` which isn't understandable without explaining how Bash variable expansion works, and neither the curly braces nor the quotes are actually needed in this case. But again, I recognize that I'm not who this course is for.
is a really good course
I liked the structure of the self-learning exercises. It is also good to provide the solution to the exercises hidden, so one can go back an check.
A bit more practical exercises and maybe some real world use cases if that is possible. I always use history | grep command since that is amazing. I really liked Richels style of teaching that was very nice and more practical.
